the most demanding friendly for the
torino di ventura in this pre
championship has just gone on stage here
at the gen piola stage in the air against the
training led by alfredo alloetti
and it was a success for the grenades that
they won by 2 to 1 also doing
see some good things we go to see
someone
actually the start of the race for the grenades
and of the nightmare that seems usain
bolt on the left wing for come
leave kamil glik in place then do
make a bad impression in the park
agate ato giving fashion gonzález on of
wait for the ball together at the stop sign
allo and then beat pans without
Excessive ovarian difficulties
advantage is the replay highlights the
poor physical condition of the captain
grenade and then subsequently the
bad tactically available
of the entire defensive line arranged by
mister ventura
novara lead after after just 10
minutes cesare bovo emiliano moretti
in the post game they are relaxed but
reality in the first 45 minutes in singing are
often go in ambles against the
opponents
a race start that therefore makes
foretelling dark scenarios for the future
that actually paying only on
paper because after the twentieth it arrives
all condensed in ten minutes
the reaction of the bull entrusted in a
first moment to alessio cerci giving
wake-up signals
stimo of the national team for two
times the reflections of kosicky then and
Matthew Darmian to almost force the
defense of the novara and in particular
perticone all'autorete was a low cross
and tense and later will be riccardo
meggiorini caught by the home crowd
which obviously would not be a
great memory of his semester
blue shirt to go then to twice
near to hit the known target
however so the first half the recovery
sees the novara almost tired
disappear the mouse to get right to the
draw with ambryos then and read
we show him go ahead
thanks to mark it was the gondo prompt
with a touch of real immovable vaccine
beautiful and the Argentine bed stall
in its fourth signature also
presence indeed a trial half matches with
the underworld
sung deservedly ahead by a
here they will limit themselves to managing
this is the result then not
disdaining to make some beautiful
actions in speed and first intention
it must be indicated a few times by things
under the door or in this case by one
off side position of giuseppe vives
will still have to work has paid
the wanders the square but also waits
some reinforcement from the market to fill
the gaps in this body that
anyway he found one up front
couple that already has a real agreement
beautiful